Add data protection guide (#18645)
OrchardCMS/OrchardCore: src/docs/guides/data-protection/README.md

Reviewer: Please check the error: https://github.com/OrchardCMS/OrchardCore/actions/runs/20363051515/job/58571779807?pr=18645. And be sure to run the docs site locally, see https://docs.orchardcore.net/en/latest/contributing/contributing-documentation/.

### Prerequisites

Before configuring Redis Data Protection, ensure you have:

1. A running Redis instance
2. The `OrchardCore.Redis` module enabled
3. The `OrchardCore.Redis.DataProtection` feature enabled

### Configuration

First, configure the basic Redis connection in your `appsettings.json`:

```json
{
  "OrchardCore": {
    "OrchardCore_Redis": {
      "Configuration": "<your-redis-connection-string>",
      "InstancePrefix": "MyApp:",
      "AllowAdmin": true
    }
  }
}
```

#### Configuration Options

- **Configuration**: The Redis connection string (required)
- **InstancePrefix**: A prefix to be added to all Redis keys (optional)
- **AllowAdmin**: Whether to allow admin commands (optional, defaults to false)

### Key Storage Structure

Redis Data Protection stores keys using the following pattern:

```
{InstancePrefix}{TenantName}:DataProtection-Keys
```

For example, with an InstancePrefix of "MyApp:" and a tenant named "Default", the key would be:

```
MyApp:Default:DataProtection-Keys
```

### Persistence Considerations

!!! warning

>     Redis data protection is enabled. Ensure your Redis server has a backup strategy in place to prevent data loss. Use either AOF (Append-Only File) or RDB (Redis Database) persistence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Data protection keyrings are not cache files and must be kept in durable storage. Ensure that your Redis server has a backup strategy in place to prevent data loss. Use either AOF (Append-Only File) or RDB (Redis Database) persistence.
```
